Before we hit the ground running with this feature, we need to talk about our navigation setup because
currently our navigation setup lives solely inside of the Appalachia's and currently we're only able
to create TAB navigation.
And as you could see by the feature, it wasn't really a tab navigation type of feature.
Rather, it was more or less a stack view.
So right now, every tab is a singular component, a singular screen.
But now we're getting into a more complex scenario where this component should actually be a different
navigation stack.
So every tab is going to be able to navigate on its own.
And the purpose of this is so that in every single tab we have our own kind of universe.
Every tab should have its own universe.
And sure, tabs can link through to other tabs.
That is completely fair, but TAB interactions should in reality be isolated to that tab.
So everything that has to do with restaurant information and restaurant detail should live inside the
restaurant tab.
Everything that has to do with MAP should live and map and everything that has to do with settings should
live inside of settings.
And so every route.
Right.
We have to think of this in terms of routes.
Every route should live inside of its tab.
The tab is kind of a container that's going to contain more navigation options for us.
Right.
This is kind of the shell in which we're rendering a specific route.
And so one of the routes that we want to render is restaurant detail.
Now, in order to do that, what we're going to need to do is we're going to need to introduce, instead
of a restaurant screen, a stack navigator, a stack navigator of sorts.
OK, so a Stack Navigator is.
A different type of navigation than a tab navigation, but before we get into that, we need to do some
cleanup, because can you imagine the finding a stack navigator inside of Abcess for every single tab?
We need a better system to organize our navigation.
And so luckily, we are already set up a good approach to this.
We had our infrastructure folder in which we had our theme.
And so our infrastructure folder is a good place for us to create a navigation folder.
And that navigation folder is going to contain all of the infrastructure for navigation.
Right.
All of our different types of navigators, so to speak.
And why is it infrastructure, you ask?
Well, it's infrastructure because navigation is a core functionality of the application.
It's a core feature, but it also requires setup.
And so it's pulling things together.
It's pulling screens together.
Right.
It in itself is a feature, but it's a feature of infrastructure, not a feature feature.
When we talk about features over here, what we're talking about is user facing features, the features
that the user consumes.
When we talk about infrastructure, however, we're talking about app infrastructure.
And although navigation in itself is a feature that is user facing, oftentimes it is more considered
infrastructure of the application because it's pulling together all of these different user facing features
for the end user to consume.
Now, with that said, what we want to do in navigation is we want to create an App Navigator database.
And so in that app, that navigator is what we basically want to do is we want to move over the whole
navigation container of the tab view in there.
And so try this out, try to get the App Navigator running on its own.
And then in the next video, I'll show you how we split it out.